## Custom Widget for [Wakanda](http://wakanda.org)The __SimpleSpreadShehet__ widget is an example using the Wijmo widgets. Please refer to http://wijmo.com/ for further details. ### PropertiesThis __SimpleSpreadShehet__ widget has the following properties: * __value__: The datasource for the widget* __content__: The data attribute binding where the contente of the spreadSheet will be save to ### GoalsThe __SimpleSpreadShehet__ simulates an Excel spread sheet inside a Wakanda page. The user can then load or save the content of the spread sheet. ### package.jsonAdding external libraries : ```	{"id": "SimpleSpreadSheet/jsLibs/jquery-1.9.1.min.js", "runtimeOnly": true, "path": "WIDGETS_CUSTOM"},  	{"id": "SimpleSpreadSheet/jsLibs/jquery-ui.min.js", "runtimeOnly": true, "path": "WIDGETS_CUSTOM"},   	{"id": "SimpleSpreadSheet/jsLibs/jquery-wijmo.css", "runtimeOnly": true, "path": "WIDGETS_CUSTOM"},   	{"id": "SimpleSpreadSheet/jsLibs/jquery.wijmo.wijspread.all.1.20132.5.min.js", "runtimeOnly": true,  "path": "WIDGETS_CUSTOM"},   	{"id": "SimpleSpreadSheet/jsLibs/jquery.wijmo.wijspread.1.20132.5.css", "runtimeOnly": true, "path": "WIDGETS_CUSTOM"},```__IMPORTANT__ to avoid conflicts with the Studio, we added the following : "runtimeOnly": true, so these libraries will not be used by the Wakanda Studio. ### Wakanda StudioModel1. Create a datasource with a blob attributeWidget1. Drag the widget to your Wakanda page. 2. A gray box should be available with 2 buttons : save and restore (The SpreadSheet will not be available in the Studio)3. Drop a datasource inside the widget or change the property's panel Datasource value4. Add content attribute (it should be a blob attribute) to property's panel5. Run the page and click on the load button,6. Add some values and click button save 7. Close and open your page, click the Load button, values are restored. ### CSSThe __SimpleSpreadShehet__ CSS will define the background color of the widget.  You can adjust its color by changing directly in the Studio OR by changing the /css/widget.css file.  ### CompatibilityYou may experience some rendering problems if you combine other widgets in the same page. The standard Wakanda widget use an older version of jquery. ### More InformationFor more information on how to install a custom widget, refer to [Installing a Custom Widget](http://doc.wakanda.org/WakandaStudio0/help/Title/en/page3869.html#1027761).For more information about Custom Widgets, refer to [Custom Widgets](http://doc.wakanda.org/Wakanda0.v5/help/Title/en/page3863.html "Custom Widgets") in the [Architecture of Wakanda Applications](http://doc.wakanda.org/Wakanda0.v5/help/Title/en/page3844.html "Architecture of Wakanda Applications") manual.